hi everyone this is stacy from credit
cards and games and in this video i'm
going to be opening up one of our
favorite things to open lately is topps
baseball 2013 series 1 and this is a
target pack first one we bought from
target and I the target packs come with
5 exclusive red bordered parallel cards
inside Walmart comes with a blue border
parallels so you can also get relics and
autographs and this is just a one of the
hanging packs that we decided to buy and
it's been open it 72 cards packs with an
answer may be contained between one and
seven fewer cards let's see yes we
really really well and there is a patch
this is what we look at interesting
little different
see we have a chasing history already
looking in here hard to say but clicking
up some zukisa paid five dollars for
this box go ahead and just some three
things say now of course nope that's in
there madness there's variations in this
one too
okay so we got an emerald Josh Johnson I
feel like that we have a Josh Johnson
emerald we had a chasing history Reggie
Jackson we gotta chasing the dream will
Middlebrooks and we got a David Ortiz
calling card and Evan Longoria mini the
code
I'm all being the same way is too much
to ask for
Mike Trout
okay so here are the red ones we got
link hotcha bar Eric Chavez Brian
Fuentes Kevin Correia and Daniel
Descalso
and we also got bunch of chasing
history's it looks like Reggie Jackson
Lee maze Rod Carew
and bring tops so that's a we good for
10 bucks quite a few inserts got the red
parallels got one emerald and a bunch of
chasing history's of the box oh good
lord so thank you for watching please
like and subscribe if you haven't
already and we will see you soon bye
Oh
you